Add check on empty taint to vkcs_kubernetes_node_group resource (#501)
vk-cs/terraform-provider-vkcs: CHANGELOG.md

# VKCS Provider's changelog

#### v0.8.5 (unreleased)

> - Add check on empty taint to vkcs_kubernetes_node_group resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix panic on empty taint to vkcs_kubernetes_node_group resource
```

Author: done
